Seth I called you into my office
yes I gotta talk as you want me
to help you clean up quick
enough it office at some point I
had to find you and talk to you
about the science in family guy
yeah and I said to myself before
I even met you
there's science lurking within
the creator of the show me the
only question is is accuracy you
know we we have a it's a cartoon
of talking door so I'm a time
but give you freedom on the ifc
I'm just a couple of weeks ago I
saw an episode and and brian the
dog was sweating he was in some
nervous situation and he's
sweating on his neck and
forehead i was ready to like
jump all its larger and sweat
glands another and and halfway
through the tweet i said i'm
complaining about sweat glands
on a talking dog cannot comment
on the talking about that so
then I because i said i'm about
to post his critique and then I
withdrew i was delighted when
your production people your post
production people call me when
you're making Ted one and said
Christmas some town outside of
Boston 1985 in this direction we
need a meteor streaked through
the sky the shooting star can
you tell us about it and what
sky is that right
and I said well sure but what
you're interested in this and
they said we saw what you did to
Titanic a whole lot of it we
don't want you to grab a little
urban so we don't want to be the
one to be next line up feel your
wrath
I would later tweet this fact
and people had a field day with
it they started saying that Ted
one Titanic 0 your twitter is is
huge and you're like 3,000
followers them 3000 right or
three million million million
visit what happened well but
it's all like you know plates of
food and selfies and pictures of
you at the beach
yeah that's why it's something
about science for once I'm
charmed by the level at which
you and others which i think is
a growing force of people are
reaching for science as a point
of creating I I think that's
just racing stay with it
yeah if you can always my friend
thank you thank you your nail
you mind doing a couple oh yeah
I say this is stewie griffin and
you're listening to Startalk
radio